Previously on "Million
Dollar Listing Los Angeles"...
- 10 Beverly Park
Almost 14,000 square feet.
- So you got the gym,
the theater,
- Fredrik and I have
very different styles.
So the house actually
is pretty tricked out.
We split up the work, and we
each did our own showings.
- We have good news.
- Great news.
- They actually
came up to 24.5.
- If it's not 28.5,
they would like to postpone
and take it close to market.
- Oh, you gotta be kidding me.
- I texted you three times
about Hillcrest
because I think
I'm gonna write an offer.
- I'm going to help
get you this home.
- You give up
your commission for me?
- Yeah.
- I love you.
- Well, well, well.
- Is this your fedora?
- I think this is
Suzanne Somers' fedora.
- Oh, my God.
Look at how pretty this is.
I can't figure out
why you'd wanna sell this.
- We've been here 44 years,
and it's time for another life.
- Yeah.
- The house has several
living spaces.
This was added on later.
- It does need a lot of work
to the idea
of taking on a project
might not be so appealing.
- I don't know.
I just feel like
someone's gonna move right in.
I don't think anyone's
gonna touch anything.
- You might be right.
There's nothing you have to do.
- No.
- But there's a lot
that you could.
♪ ♪
- Come on. Come in the pool.
- I'm not going in the pool.
- Come on, girl. Get in.
It's 90 degrees outside.
We could practice
some water aerobics
for, like, when we're old
- I like it when the pool
is 90 degrees
and it's not 90 degrees.
- And that's called a hot tub.
- ♪ Golden mansions,
midnight traveling ♪
- I have ten minutes
in my calendar
before my meeting
in Orange County.
- I don't have
ten minutes for you.
- There are no nannies
in the house
and the kids aren't here.
- So what do we do?
- Is that
what you call it these days?
- ♪ Livin' like you should,
should, should ♪
♪ Should, should ♪
♪ Like you never thought
you would, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Livin' like you should ♪
- Exciting.
- Oh, wait.
Oh, my gosh.
Last time I was here,
there was still furniture.
- That's wild, isn't it?
- It's crazy.
- We demoed.
We took out all the beams,
and were able to raise
the ceilings, like, drastically.
- It got so much, like, higher.
- I know.
- It's so cool.
- Nice.
- I think we'll be in in,
like, 60 to 80 days.
- No way.
- Yeah.
Being in here is really like
a dream come true.
I'm going to list it.
I'm asking 25 million
- Carmelina's in escrow.
- What?
- So you're moving.
- Where?
- Oh. Oh, my gosh.
- Wow, this is good for us.
- What are we thinking
about the floor?
- I would rip out
all of those floors.
- When you say all of
those floors
what are you referring to?
- The entire house.
So do you feel
this could be that house?
- Yeah, I do. It's just such
a great investment for us.
- I mean, do you guys feel like
we could
be here for a long time?
- Definitely.
- 'Cause I'm spending
my life savings on it.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's so exciting.
- This is why I work so hard.
It was so important to me
to be able to give you guys
something
that I worked so hard for
and that no one else
gave to me, you know?
- Aww.
- Don't cry.
- I'm fine and I'm happy.
- Happy tears.
- I really am. I am not sad.
I mean, I'm broke
but, like, not sad.
- Hello.
- Hi.
- There you are.
- Hi, Dad.
- I was just well,
getting a little teary.
- It's getting a little
emotional, Dad.
- Why?
- Just talking about the house
and how I'm overspending
and you're helping me.
- It's for the kids.
- The legacy.
- Hi.
- [laughs]
Jay, do you wanna kind of
walk her through that?
I mean, my ex-husband's
one of the best builders in LA.
- We're trying to wrap up
Stradella and--
- That's amazing.
- It's nice.
- How are the finishes?
- Perfect.
- So I'm thinking why not?
- Here's what it used
to look like.
- So this is your old
bathroom, Juliet.
- And here's what the new bath
looks like.
- So--
- Oh, my gosh.
- Wait.
- Stop it.
- Yeah. Yeah, there's
a couple of choices,
but it's one of these two.
- I love it.
- I finally feel at peace
with where I am coming
out of my divorce
and being absolutely shattered
to working with my ex-husband
on a property.
I mean, I've come a long way.
And then how are we doing on
the timeline as far as the ADU,
where I want the gym to go in?
- Yeah, we're just applying
for that.
- I gotta get out
of that rental.
- We'll push as hard as we can.
But I'm just saying
our target date still stands.
- Okay. All six cars.
- I need that.
I'm gonna need that.
♪ ♪
[phone line trilling]
- Yeah.
- Hey, how are you?
- What's going on?
- I'm just pulling
into Laguna Beach
for this listing on Lucinda.
Rumor has it they're meeting
with a few other
top agents down here.
- Yeah. Yeah, for sure.
I have finally made the jump
to expand into Orange County,
something I've wanted to do
for a long time.
I eventually would love to move
my family down to this area.
It's got great restaurants,
art galleries, culture,
and my parents,
now that they're spending
more time in Los Angeles,
they can come down very easily.
Plus, you wake up on the water
and you hop on your boat.
How cool is that?
I'll talk to you soon.
I'm just pulling up right now.
I'll let you know how it goes.
- All right.
Good luck with that.
♪ ♪
- Jayne.
- Hey, are you Josh?
- I am. How are you?
- Good. Come on in.
- Oh, my God. Look at this.
I feel like I'm on
a cruise ship right now.
♪ ♪
Talk about unobstructed
ocean view.
Man, very cool.
So you manage the house?
- Yes.
- Got it. What's the story?
It was just finished recently?
- Yes, just finished
last month, actually.
Took ten years to get approval
on the property.
Coastal Commission,
City of Laguna Beach.
- Ten years to get permits?
- Yes, yes.
- Ohh!
- And then three years
to actually build the house.
- This is insane.
Why would they wanna sell this?
- Their life has just changed.
Their daughter
was three years old
when they bought the property.
Was gonna be a family home.
- Yeah.
- And now she's 17.
She's going off to college.
Their son is off to college.
- I guess when you buy it
for the kids to play in
and now the kids are 17,
it's a little different.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- But yeah, I'd love to see
the rest of the house.
- I'd love to show it to you.
♪ ♪
Here's the kitchen.
- Nice. Chef's kitchen,
but also super clean.
♪ ♪
I love these lights.
Got the Gaggenau appliances,
super clean.
I love these doors just the way
that they're slightly curved.
- And they actually open
all the way.
- And then you don't
have access to this.
- We don't.
- You have to go
down and around.
- Yes.
- Okay. Got it.
As amazing as this house is,
there's challenges.
If you wanna change something
about the house,
you're dealing
with the Coastal Commission.
Their only job
is to protect the coast.
So there's a lot
of different rules
than if you' just go build
in Calabasas or Beverly Hills.
All right, so you got
three stories here.
You got most of
the bedrooms up here.
- Yeah. So this is
that primary bedroom.
Amazing view, of course.
- Wow. Oh, my God.
The bed is situated
at the best view.
I mean, this is a serious view
right here. These are cool.
- All the lighting is Italian.
- So this is cool.
It's a nice open area.
Yeah, that's insane.
How many bedrooms total?
- Five bedrooms, seven baths.
- And what's the square
footage again?
- About 5,600 square feet.
- All right, let's check out
the rest of it.
♪ ♪
So the bottom level is more
like the entertaining also?
- Correct. And there's two
bedrooms down there as well.
Every bedroom
has its own bathroom.
- And each room has, like,
its own personality.
- Yes.
- This is cool. I could close
some deals in this office.
- Yeah, it's great.
- Oh, my gosh.
So this could double
as a bedroom if you wanted it?
- Yeah, or a gym.
- Yeah, actually this would be
a very cool gym.
- And then perfect view
in there.
- This is amazing out here.
Oh, my gosh.
This house is special.
There is such little
brand new construction
up and down the coast
because of how long it takes
as you've seen on this house
almost ten years.
And I mean, every room in the
house has a view of the ocean,
You're on the toilet.
You're watching the ocean.
That's better toilet real estate
than any other real estate
you can see.
♪ ♪
So this for me
is not a local buyer.
Most likely from
what we're seeing right now,
a lot of money
coming from up North.
San Francisco, Seattle.
What I bring to the table is
I go after the global buyer,
not just the local buyer.
- Excellent.
- However, I do have
a team here.
How familiar are you
with the property next door?
- Well, familiar. I've
actually never been inside,
but I do know it's been
for sale for over two years.
- Yeah.
- I think it's priced
pretty high.
- The house next door,
it's at 32 million.
I've actually
shown it three times.
- Yeah.
- I've shown it to a couple
of big celebrities who wanted
to get a place down here.
So I'm very familiar with that.
It's about 6,200 feet, right?
So it's about 600 feet bigger.
And anybody who's gonna look
at that is gonna look at this.
- Right.
- Obviously, you've spoken
to the owner.
You have any idea of price-wise
what they're thinking?
- I think they're
looking around 28 million.
- So they wanna go, you know,
little north of 5,000 a foot?
Look, there's only
so many buyers that
can cut a check
for $28 million, right?
- Right. Right.
- I think in order for us
to be competitive, '
cause you know every single
person that goes to see that,
they're 100% gonna walk here--
- Right.
- And see this.
- There's no reason
to come in this community
and not see both.
- Right, right, right.
- So I would like to price ours
a little more aggressively
if you guys choose to use me.
- Okay.
- And I would say 25 million.
It's undercutting next door
by $7 million.
- Okay.
- To a lot of people, that's
a significant amount of money
and it might just be enough
where someone says,
"Well, I can afford both,
"but look, there's not
that much difference.
7 million bucks."
- And a view.
- Yeah. Yeah.
Plus, you have this.
- Yeah.
- So I think I'd probably
be more comfortable
if you could talk to the owners.
I think the place to start
is gonna be 25 million.
- Okay.
- Which is in line
with the best of the best.
- Let me make a phone call
and I'll be right back.
- All right. Sounds good.
[sighs]
The high-end broker community
in Orange County,
it's a very small,
tight-knit group.
So if we can get this listing,
it will put us
in the game in the OC.
- So I just got off the phone
with the clients
and they wanted me to reiterate
that they definitely don't want
the house to be on the market
for two years.
They want to sell it.
So with that being said,
they're happy to go
with your recommendation
for the 25 million.
- Great.
- And they're ready
to have you get started.
- Amazing.
- Yeah.
- Okay, I'm super excited. Look
forward to working with you.
- Awesome.
- Let me know if you have
any other questions.
- Trying to find a buyer
for Suzanne
and I can't figure it out.
- You're stressed?
- No, I'm disappointed.
I don't know why
this house won't sell.
- Have you tried anything
that's unorthodox?
♪ ♪
- Hey, poodle.
- Telling me or him?
- No, I call him Jake.
You're poodle.
Am I interrupting something?
- Well, we were just having
a conversation,
but he's--he's
a little quiet today.
- Where would you like to go
to dinner tonight?
- I don't know
if I wanna go to dinner.
My mind is a little
scattered today.
- Jake, take his temperature.
He doesn't wanna go to dinner.
- I'm trying to find a buyer
for Suzanne
and I can't figure it out.
- You're stressed?
- No, I'm disappointed.
I don't know why
this house won't sell.
It's been a few months since
I put Suzanne's house back
on the market in Palm Springs.
I put it at 8.5 million bucks.
- You get us the best.
- I'll get you the best.
- Okay.
- She had the property
on the market
with several other agents
over the years.
Finally, though, she's agreed
to list it with me
and reduce the price
to $8.5 million.
Keep in mind, this property
started close to 30.
It's perfect for somebody.
It's just we gotta find
that one person.
- I mean, what has
your average feedback been?
- Most people that wanna buy
in Palm Springs
just want
a single-story mid-century.
And I love those mid-centuries
but this is really special.
This is an amazing property,
but it's a complicated sale
because not everyone wants
to go outside from the bedroom
to the kitchen every time
they want a midnight snack.
- It does need a lot of work
depending on the person.
- This has got so many nooks
and crannies.
- The house probably needs
who knows
how many hundreds of thousands.
- I've been working on
Suzanne's house for a while,
but it's just not for everybody.
That gal that you had come
up to the property, Miriam.
Will you let me know
if she's interested in it?
Did you get the photos
that I sent you
on Suzanne Somers' house?
- Have you tried anything
that's unorthodox, like,
reaching out to charities
or anybody that would want
like a destination
where they train their teams
or--I don't know.
- Like, a rehab center?
- Yeah.
I think the way it's set up
with all different casitas,
it could lend itself
to one of those cool boutique,
you know, hotels.
- Look, Bobby and I think
very, very differently,
but I guess sometimes
opposites attract.
Bobby has done a lot of research
in the Palm Springs market
and so he does know
what he's talking about.
I mean, Bobby is a smart cookie.
As for me, when we got married,
that was very smart on my part.
What about that gal
that we met in Santa Barbara
when we were at the Miramar?
What was her name?
- Melanie.
- Yeah.
She had that place in Ojai.
- She has a spa there.
- She's wanted to expand and
maybe Palm Springs would work.
- Yeah.
- I'm gonna call her.
- Okay.
- Every conversation
I have in my life,
I file it in the storage bin
up here
and I bring it out
when I need it.
Sometimes I don't talk
to somebody for five years,
but guess what?
I'll say,
I was waiting to call you
until I had the right property.
[phone line trilling]
- Hello?
- Oh, Melanie.
Hi, it's Josh Flagg.
How are you?
- Remember me?
- Yeah, we got drunk
by the pool.
- I'm well.
And in my inebriation,
I recall that you said to me
that you were looking
for another hotel
or a spa
or something to that effect.
Was that correct
or did I dream this?
I know you have
that place in Ojai.
I have a perfect place
for somebody
to open up another spa.
Well, it's five structures
on the property.
It's in the middle
of Palm Springs.
It's this fabulous 1920s
Hacienda-style home.
It's really beautiful.
Well, it was 35 million
originally.
Now it's down to 8.5,
so I think it's a bargain.
If I send you the information,
do you wanna let me know?
Maybe we could
get you over there.
Okay, so let's go out next week.
We'll set up a time.
Okay. Well, we'll do that.
- Whoo-hoo!
- Bye.
- This could be a possibility.
It's got tons of land.
It's got these
wonderful casitas on it.
I mean, this could be
a great spa, resort/hotel.
I mean, it's already got
that beautiful outdoor tub.
Honestly,
it'd be perfect for it.
I'm gonna make some more calls.
- I guess no dinner.
I guess it's just Jake
and I fending for ourselves.
- No, no. It's you fending
for yourself.
Jake will stay right here
with me.
♪ ♪
- Okay, listen, guys,
if you beat us,
I'll increase
your commission split.
But if I win, you go down 10%.
- No!
♪ ♪
Oh, yeah.
- I hope we're better
in real estate
than we are in tennis.
- Oh!
- Yes!
- Ace! Ace! 6%!
- I wasn't paying attention.
- In California, they did five
but we do six.
- Seth and Ari are the top
two brokers
in all of Orange County.
So when I started thinking
of expanding there,
I had a super quick entry
because they approached me
and they said,
"Freddy, we wanna join you."
It's only 45 minutes,
an hour away,
but the brokerage community
is very different.
- It's all about the footwork,
remember?
You gotta dance like a crab.
- [laughs]
- Oh!
- So that would be our point--
- Point again.
- Cool.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Winning. Winning.
- Okay, guys, one second.
- You can't get out of this.
Let's go.
- Okay.
- Wait for me.
- [gasps]
Guys.
- What?
- Come, come, come.
- Are you kidding?
- Thank you for your efforts,
Fredrik and team, we've chosen
to go with you, San Clemente.
- Whoo!
- No way.
Whoo! High five.
- That's amazing.
- That's how we do it.
- Congratulations.
- Calle Isabella is this
beautiful,
massive oceanfront property
in Orange County
in this little community
called San Clemente.
To win this listing, we had
to do the pitch over Zoom.
Hi. How are you?
That's so gorgeous.
So I've actually only seen
Calle Isabella on video.
Oh, my God. I think
I'm having a tennisgasm.
That first excitement for me
at least really quickly turns
into, like,
determination and then,
like, almost kind of anxiety
because now we have to sell it.
- Yeah.
- Email blast, events.
Can we do events there?
- Yeah.
- When you enter new markets,
the big listing solidifies you.
That just is your track record.
So to get the best people
and the best,
biggest listing is everything
for me in Orange County.
Okay, let's continue to play.
- Okay.
- I think we were winning.
Where's my tennis racket?
[all speaking at once]
- We were winning.
- I don't need a tennis racket.
- We were winning, Fred.
- Oh, my. Hello, Suzanne
Somers and Alan Hamel.
- We have a bit of a situation,
and it's good news--
Well, for us.
- For us.
- Okay.
- There probably will be
no commission for you, Josh.
♪ ♪
- You know, I'm thinking
you think
I should go to work today?
- It's really a nice day out.
- It's really nice, Adam.
I'm kind of enjoying this.
- I mean,
can you still play hooky
when you own your own company?
- I don't think we have to
report to anybody.
- Flagg and I, we take walks
around the Beverly Hills Flats
once a week.
The walks started because we
just wanted to blow off steam.
He knew half the houses.
I knew the other half.
It's almost like trivia
and we're trying to one-up
each other.
Yeah, we're walking buddies.
- The people who live
in this house literally have
probably $500 million
and aren't in the house.
- Really?
- Uh-huh.
- Josh Flagg.
Useless knowledge.
- Plenty of it.
So tell me
what's happening at Altman.
- Everything is good, man.
- Good week? Bad week?
We're rich or poor.
What are we today?
- No, it was a good week.
I mean, they had
the--the rankings came out.
We got number one
in the country at Elliman.
- That's good.
- Yeah, there were,
like 7,000 agents.
- Who's number two?
- Who cares?
- I care.
- I gotta give you
a little background here.
- Okay.
- In the Elliman rankings,
it came out, you know,
that we were number one.
And then there was another page
that we've never seen before
that said, "And we present
this special award
called the Icon Award
to Fredrik Eklund."
- That's nice.
- We're all, like, "Huh?"
- And it says, like,
for all the real estate
they've sold over
the past ten years.
- That's a nice thing
to do, right?
- You ready for this?
- What do you mean?
- I had heard that Fredrik
called in and requested
that they create
an award for him
because he pulled himself off
of the rankings five years ago.
Remember when he made
this whole global announcement?
"I'm no longer in rankings
because I don't
wanna be ranked,"
which was a little shady.
- Not so much.
Nobody does that.
- Tell me if I'm wrong.
I felt like he was trying to
steal my thunder a little bit.
- The answer is, I think it's
silly and embarrassing for him.
I wouldn't care
about it so much,
but I think it's ----ed up.
Icon Award?
This is the dumbest thing
I've ever had in my life.
Absolutely.
I'm getting kinda hungry.
- You wanna go back
to your house?
- We're closer to Tracy's house.
Let's just go there.
- Do we even know if she's home?
- I got a text.
Okay, we got a text here
from Suzanne Somers.
I gotta do a Zoom call.
Let's go to Tracy's.
- Where's her house at?
- Palm Springs.
- Cool.
- And it's really
an amazing property.
- You're selling it?
- Look, it's finally priced
right and they finally have
a broker that's
not just a Palm Springs agent.
They have somebody that has
tentacles and can reach out.
I think I'm gonna get it sold
to be honest with you.
- Yeah.
- Let's go have lunch.
- Wait, are we--Flagg,
are you serious about this?
We're really breaking
into her house.
- It's not breaking and enter
if you have the code.
- All right, you go first.
♪ ♪
- Honey, I'm home.
- Hello?
- No. She's not here.
- Let me tell you.
I will never tell Flagg
my gate code.
- Should we have salad
for lunch?
- Okay.
Flagg's got access
to like 100 properties in LA.
I wanna make sure
I'm not on that list.
- Okay, let's get on this call.
- If you need help
closing the deal,
I'll be right here for you.
- Thanks, pal.
- Yup.
- Do you wanna make me
a sandwich?
- Are you serious right--
And what are you doing here?
- I was--
- Why are you eating a salad?
- I don't have the code.
It was Flagg. He invited me in.
- Can you make yourself useful
and show me
how to get on a Zoom call?
- Oh, my God. Are you--are you
serious right now?
Now that I've closed
on Hillcrest, I have decided
that Flagg's allowed
to have the gate code again.
When you get me the house,
I'll give you the gate code.
- You're being
----ing ridiculous.
- Get me a counter!
Zoom. There.
And he's found a way
to make himself at home
more than ever before.
- Oh, my! Hello,
Suzanne Somers and Alan Hamel.
- Hi there. How are you?
- You look great.
- Oh you mean Suzanne.
- I know. And you too, Alan.
So are you calling to fire me
or tell me
how much you love me?
Which one?
- That we love you and we have
a bit of a situation.
And it's good news well, for us.
- For us.
- Why don't you
take it away, Alan?
- Okay. So four years ago,
I was approached
by these local people
who were very interested
in purchasing our property.
- Okay.
- So they made their offer,
and unfortunately it didn't meet
what we needed
to make this deal close.
- They didn't give you
the price you wanted.
- Correct.
- Well yeah.
- So anyway, these people
came back and they said, "Okay.
We're ready to buy your house
at full price offer."
- So far this is great.
Should I send you the paperwork?
- No, it's too late.
- What do you mean
it's too late?
- It's too late.
We are in escrow
and it's a full-price offer
so there probably will be
no commission for you, Josh.
♪ ♪
- Let--let's just reverse
for a second.
I'm a little confused.
It's frustrating to ask
to withdraw your commission
when you know
you've put in a lot of work.
Now, granted,
they found the buyer
but that doesn't change
the amount of work
that I put into it.
No, that's not gonna fly.
First of all,
it's very unconventional
that the buyer
would come to you directly.
Usually what they do
is they would call me and say,
"Hey, I'd like to see
the house again"
or "Hey--"
- No. No, no. But--
- He didn't know
you were involved.
- He didn't know it was
on the market?
- No.
- No. No.
- You know, the price
is now lowered.
We now have the activity.
It's gotten great exposure.
You know, what can I say?
But I can't work for free.
Did you ever ask him, like,
why did he come back out
in the middle of nowhere?
- 'Cause he had more money.
- He had more money.
Okay, that does help.
When he came
to see it last time,
what was the pri--what
was the house priced at?
- The first time
it was in the tens.
- It was in the tens.
I guess the point is
that we have to
look into what it is now.
And it is listed with a broker
that has really marketed it well
and it's priced
to get offers now.
And so somebody has resurfaced
and made an offer.
- Josh, we're friends.
- We like you a lot.
Okay?
- Well, we've all had
to give up commission
for one reason or another,
but I've never had to give up
commission because my client
found the buyer to my listing,
so that's a new one.
- No commission. Are you crazy?
What a slap in the face.
I don't care if it's Suzanne
Somers or The Rock, all right?
I ain't selling a house
for free for nobody.
- Okay. Well, what do you
think, Suzanne?
- I agree with Alan on that.
How do you feel about it?
- You know what my grandpa
used to say?
He used to say, "Josh,
you need to die
the richest man
in the cemetery."
You know what I mean? It's not
gonna to change my lifestyle
and I want you guys to be happy.
So with that said,
let's just split it.
How's that? You like that?
- Yeah, I do.
How about you, Alan?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. Okay.
- I'm happy the house was sold.
I think it is a result
of my marketing,
it being priced right,
maybe the stars were aligned.
Look, if you're happy,
I'm happy.
- Yeah, Okay.
We're all happy.
- We're all happy.
- Yay!
- All right. I love you guys.
- Thanks a lot. Bye-bye.
- Bye.
- Half your commission.
- Ugh. Maybe I should give him
Jake for the night
so we can cuddle about the loss
that he's about to take.
- I think that's a good idea.
- Do you know how much business
they sent me?
Do I really care?
Contractually I'm entitled
to a full commission,
but at the end of the day,
there's a cost
to doing business.
What am I going to do?
I'm going to sit there
and negotiate with the Suzanne
Somers over a commission?
- Next time I go out to dinner
with Josh
I know we'll go halfsies.
- Look, I can't say that
I'm thrilled
to cut my commission on half,
but there's a bright side.
When you do a good deed
like this, word gets around.
And believe me,
Suzanne and Alan's friends
are gonna call me when
they need to do a deal next.
- Trace. Been a pleasure.
- Bye.
- Thanks for the salad.
- You want me to feed you,
sweetheart?
- Go (BLEEP) yourself.
- I love you.
- We actually have
another listing pitch.
You want to come with or--
- I'm going to go see
Josh Altman--
- Oh, really? Over on Lucinda?
- Yes.
- I'm all about the rankings.
You're the number one.
- Or you're not anything.
Maybe you're Iconic.
- ♪ Out on my spa day ♪
♪ While every day the world is
writing my check ♪
- George?
[toy squeaking]
What's going on with that toy?
George! [laughs]
Jax, do you
like your new brother?
- [indistinct]
- I know he makes a lot of
noise with that toy, huh?
- ♪ Check me riding
on that global lux ♪
♪ A million dollars
never was enough ♪
- Ahh!
- Get that realtor work out in.
Ahh!
- ♪ Bank accounts
will always ease my doubts ♪
♪ 'Cause that's what
stacking up is all about ♪
- 7:00 a.m.
Jake.
Bit too early.
- ♪ A million dollars
never was enough ♪
- ♪ Bank accounts
will always ease my doubts ♪
♪ 'Cause that's what
stacking up is all about ♪
[phone line trilling]
- Hey.
Just quick reminder
that I'm not in L.A. today.
I'm down in Orange County.
- San Clemente is about
90 minutes from Beverly Hills,
and it's a little more quiet
than Laguna or Newport.
The price points are huge.
Like, this street I'm driving
on right now every house
is, like, 25, 30 million.
Every single house.
- Yeah. Imagine--
Oh, commission check.
Ching ching, ching ching.
- And there's this
stretch of oceanfront estates.
And we're talking about,
like, castle-like estates.
Okay. I'm here now.
Holy. Whoa!
♪ ♪
Okay. I'll be back
in the office tomorrow.
Okay, bye.
♪ ♪
Wow.
Hello? Hello?
Oh, my God.
Wait. Look at this!
Hey, hey.
- Hi, honey.
- Look at this.
- Isn't it great?
- Nothing but almost
three acres of just pure bliss.
Can you show me around, please?
- Yes.
♪ ♪
I don't know
if you're ready for this.
- Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
- Look at this view.
- This is
one of the private pools
in all of Southern California--
55 feet long.
And the most important stat
is 450 feet
of Pacific Ocean frontage.
I mean, this is
an iconic piece of property.
We actually sit on the grounds
of what was once
Richard Nixon's
Western White House.
- I love the history here.
Nixon eventually
sold the property in the 80s
to a businessman who lived
there himself for 30 years.
And he decided to build
and develop these big estates
with the ocean right there.
No other property has that
kind of width from the ocean.
Listen, when I moved
to California,
I was so focused on, like,
Beverly Hills and West
Hollywood and Belair, you know?
- Yeah.
- So when we met and we merged
to create this California
team together,
I never expected
we were going to sell
these kind of price points.
I mean, $38 million.
That's huge even, you know,
in New York.
With Calle Isabella, we studied
every single comp.
It is so fricking big
and beautiful oceanfront,
but some of it
is a little dated.
So I advised the seller
for a number right below 35.
But some sellers, you know,
they want what they want.
Do I think 38 asking price
is a tiny bit high? Sure.
But I'm not going to pass up
on this amazing listing.
It's iconic.
Okay guys, show me more.
- Okay, let's go in.
♪ ♪
My favorite spot in this house--
- This hallway
- This hallway is so gorgeous.
I feel like everywhere
I look, it could be, like,
an "Architectural Digest" cover.
Look at this.
Every freaking angle.
The volume in here. You know
what I really like, too?
It doesn't feel cold.
It has a little, like,
rustic moments.
It has the original wood.
- European chef's kitchen, the
beams, the wraparound island.
- Look at the view
from the sink.
People don't appreciate
a view from a sink
'cause when you do dishes.
- Do you do dishes?
- Well, sometimes.
- Not when you live here.
- I had to do the dishes.
Trust me, I had no view.
- This is my favorite room.
It's the heart of the home.
- So let me ask you something.
- Yeah.
- Trick question, here.
- You have three acres,
13,000 square feet.
It's kind of like overwhelming.
So how do you show it?
How do you make it not
too much and too long?
Like where do you think he
or she makes a decision?
- Well, we always start with
the most important thing is
we lead them straight...
- To the view.
- There.
- This is why I'm asking.
It's always like that
and I like to do the opposite.
Brokers always start
with the best
and then end inside in some,
like, guest room,
which is small and dark.
And then that's where
they usually make the decision
when they realize
the tour's over.
By that time,
it gets a little shaky.
It's not the first impression.
The last, in real estate,
is the last
because it's the last thing
that we'll see,
which is the most
beautiful dramatic.
And they go into their car
wherever they go
and they think, they remember
that beauty, not the closet.
- Down here,
you have guest bedroom.
Take a look at the primary.
- Oh, my God.
- Look at that.
- Look at that window!
- Isn't that amazing?
- Wow.
- Okay. Right here
we have the primary bath
that leads
is the primary closet.
- I love this.
- Mm-hmm.
- But what's up
with all the brown?
- You can paint it.
It's an easy fix.
- This is a real estate.
The buyer is probably somebody
from Silicon valley
like a tech billionaire,
maybe a big movie director,
somebody with a lot of money
who wants to live close
to nature
in this luxurious environment.
We actually have another
listing pitch right after this.
Are you available?
What's your schedule like?
Do you want to come with or?
- Oh, I do you want
to come with,
but I'm gonna go see
Josh Altman--
- Oh, really? Over on Lucinda?
- Yes.
- Okay.
- But when that listing--
- We will.
- Otherwise.
[imitates whip]
- [laughs]
- You have to give me
some recognition.
- I got my award
'cause I earned it.
- Okay.
- I felt it was kind of bizarre
because you had your office
call the executive
to make up an award for you.
- Josh.
- I mean, I'm just saying
Fredrik, it's bullsh--.
♪ ♪
- This is also a very seasoned
real estate guy, the seller.
I think he's an investor.
This is not his first rodeo.
[knock at door]
Guys, I apologize.
My showing just showed up.
I'm gonna call you guys after.
Hey.
- Hey, bud.
- What's up, Doug?
- Good to see you.
- How are you doing? Hey.
- Hi. How are you? Afton.
- Afton?
- Yes.
- Pleasure to meet you.
Thanks for coming today.
- Thanks for showing us.
- We're super stoked
on this house.
- Josh.
- What's up, Josh?
- How are you?
- Nice to meet you.
- Pleasure to meet you.
What's your name?
- Brian.
- Brian. Pleasure.
Andy, good to see you, my man.
Although I do think this house
eventually sells
to an out-of-state buyer,
I'm gonna reach out to the
local agent community first,
before I go global.
You know Laguna
like the back of your hand.
You grew up going there.
Who should I bring over there?
- Obviously, Andy Stavros.
I'm sure you've already
spoke to him.
- All right, Andy is great
'cause this could appeal
to a Newport crowd.
Hey, listen,
you got the second-best agent
in Newport beach here.
- Who's the first?
Who's the first?
- Well. The thing with Laguna
is there's a lot of money there
so you'd be surprised
how many local buyers
are looking for a turnkey
product like this.
- What about Fredrik?
I heard that he's, like, trying
to open an office down there.
- Yeah, the office in Laguna
that we said we didn't want,
I guess he's going to take that.
Fredrik's not
my favorite person right now.
That's for sure.
But you know, I never let
feelings get in the way
of sales and commissions,
so why not bring him through.
I'm kind of pumped
to show you this.
So have you been looking
for a long time?
- About a year and a half.
Been looking
for the forever house.
- Just a few months now,
not too long.
Just looking at Newport
and down in Laguna, mostly.
- Let me show you what this is
all about 'cause this is insane.
- Look at this.
- It's incredible.
You're, like,
on top of the water.
- This took a long time
to build.
Actually, 15 years
believe it or not.
- Wow.
- We're on the promontory tip
right here.
So everything else
is behind you.
- Where are you living
right now?
- Corona Del Mar.
- Oh, nice. CDM. I love CDM.
♪ ♪
It's separated
on three different levels.
You got three bedrooms
upstairs and two below.
- It's amazing.
- What type of business you in?
- I'm an entrepreneur.
I do a lot of venture capital,
so I entertain a lot
and I have a lot of things
so this house would be perfect
for that as well.
- Oh, man. This would be
the best investment you do.
- Yeah.
- This is the deal closer.
- Absolutely.
- I'm in the car business.
- You are?
- Yeah.
- I have, like, a crush on
being a salesperson for cars.
- Come on over.
We'll give you a job.
- Can I do that?
- Yeah, absolutely.
So here, you've got
the primary suite.
You know, typical open modern
floor plan, which is cool.
- I love the tub in the shower.
- Especially when you have
a floor like this, you know,
you can get everything
wet over here
and you don't have to worry
about the wood.
You know, the price per
square foot on this property,
do you think it's a little high?
- Look, it did take 15 years
to build this so we factor
that into the price.
If you look at it
as just a pure price
per square foot basis,
it can be argued
that could be aggressive,
but at the end of the day,
it's an inventory issue.
So, like, I don't know what
else you can get for that price
that's brand new right now.
To find a new construction
house on a cliff in Laguna
is like finding a lucky penny.
Move-in ready equals
higher price per square foot
and turnkey
is what people right now.
So the views from every room
are super iconic.
Come on down here.
I'll show you
my favorite part of the house.
So you got the hot tub.
You have a great outdoor
grilling area.
You have multiple
grilling areas over here.
And to have this
and to have a nice flat
piece of land, it's great.
- This is what it's all about.
- The views don't get better
than this.
- Yeah, I'll be in touch.
- Yeah, let me know.
- As of right now seriously
if you want it.
- Sounds great.
- Next time,
cue the whales, okay?
- All right. Bye, guys.
- Hello.
- Yo.
- Wow, that's a view.
- This is the ship.
- Look at us. OC man.
- I think we had to switch out
the suits for the pastels.
Ain't it fun down here.
- I was just saying that
to my sister.
Water is bluer,
trees are greener,
the brokers are nicer,
the sunshine.
- No, I love it.
How much is this?
- So we just hit
the market for 25.
- Okay. Show me around.
- Yeah, man.
So we got about 5,000 feet,
five beds, seven baths.
- What is the light fixture?
Interesting.
- It's an art installation
but also a light.
- It looks like--do you
do popcorn
in the microwave with your kids?
You know those popcorn bags
you then cut up--
- I can see how--
- And they just burn
from one side like the paper.
- Yes. I can see how
some people will like it.
Some will want something
kind of more substantial there.
- These are, like, really cool.
Like a Swedish snow globe.
- So this is the primary.
- Yeah. Okay.
I mean,
this is California lifestyle.
- Every room as you can see
here has a incredible view.
- Wow. The water,
the modern architecture.
I can even see
in here the birds.
- I'll show you downstairs.
The outside is insane.
But the ceilings aren't,
like, that tall.
- Well, you're also 7 feet tall
so for me, they're pretty tall.
- I'm actually quite normal
in Sweden.
- Yeah, that's perfect.
- Cool, right?
It's a pretty iconic view.
- It really is.
- Speaking of icon,
congrats on the award.
- The Element Award?
- The Icon Award.
I don't participate
in the rankings
'cause I can't because
I run too large of a team.
But Douglas Elliman gave us
a really nice recognition
this year,
which I'm really proud of,
which is called the Icon Award.
- There's been a ton of talk
around the office
about this Icon Award.
It's like--
- What? What talk?
- What was the whole deal
with it?
- You're asking me?
- Yeah.
- Ask the company.
What--what--it's the deal.
- My point--my point is this.
I'm all about the rankings
just because I feel like
we're in a business
where that's how you're
measured is by rankings, right?
Like this is a super
competitive sales environment.
You're the number one
or you're not number one.
- Or you're not anything.
Maybe you're iconic.
Like what--what I mean.
- Look, I was the number
one agent in Douglas Elliman
throughout the country
this year.
I take pride in that.
- Congratulations
to your award too.
- No, I appreciate it.
Being the number one Douglas
Elliman agent in the country,
it means a huge amount
to my brand and my reputation
because that's how people
measure you in real estate.
Fredrik's award
it's--it's a sham.
I felt it was kind of bizarre
because I had heard
and confirmed some things
that your CEO, Julia.
- Okay.
- Called the executives.
She asked for an award
for you guys
'cause you wanted to be
on the rankings
but you weren't on the rankings.
- No, we don't want to be
on the rankings.
- Right. So you wanted
just to have your own award?
What was that about?
♪ ♪
- I felt it was kind of bizarre
because I had heard
and confirmed some things
that your CEO, Julia.
- Okay.
- Called the executives.
She asked for an award
for you guys
'cause you wanted to be
on the rankings
but you weren't on the rankings.
- No, we don't want
to be on the rankings.
- Right. So you wanted
just to have your own award?
What was that about?
I got 37 calls of agents
around the country saying,
"Can you believe what he did?"
Like, it's embarrassing.
So I'm actually asking him
because he should be aware
that everybody's talking
about him behind his back.
- It wasn't an award we wanted
but we wanted
to be recognized somehow.
You see, when we removed
ourselves from the ranking
and I'm saying the smiling
because it's so silly
this whole thing.
We sat down...
- Right.
- With the owner of the company
and we said we want to expand.
I want to go to Texas.
I want to go to L.A.
I might even move there.
Miami.
We want to be
a big national team,
the first super team
in the nation.
He said but the rankings.
We have a rule
at Douglas Elliman
you can only be 10 people.
We were, like, 11 at the time.
And every time
there was a ranking,
we had to cut one person.
It was a whole thing.
And then yes, we decided
to never be ranked again.
And five years later, yes,
I wanted some sort of
like, just mention
that we are in the company.
Altman can grill me all
he wants about this Icon Award
like it's all about me,
but the truth is
it's recognition for my team.
I have 86 team members
in four states.
We are the largest team
at the company.
We need to be out there as in
like advertise and recognized.
It's not about number 1, 2, 3,
4, better than anybody else.
It's just that
we actually exist.
Some developers,
some sellers get confused.
They look at these rankings
that are advertised
by these companies
in these papers
and they're like
but where Fredrik and his team?
And it just didn't feel right
when we are clearly so big.
- The fact that he admitted
that he asked for an award
to be made up for him,
that is just disrespectful
for the top agents
that do submit their numbers.
There's so many words
that, like,
I don't even know what it is,
but it angers me.
[exhales]
What is that?
Oh, that's my respect level.
It's like, I got my award
'cause I earned it,
but Fredrik still feels
like he needs to have his
and then had your office
call the executive
to make up an award for you.
- But we are the top
producing team. We make a lot--
- I don't know who you are
'cause you're not on that list.
- You should celebrate being
number one in the company.
- It's not about that.
It's about the fact
that you're taking away...
- What is it about?
- What I accomplished this year.
- I take away--
- Number one agent
in the country
for some fakakta award.
Come on.
- Josh.
- Either win or don't win
but the calling in thing
really rubbed me the wrong way.
I mean, I'm just saying
Fredrik, it's bullsh--.
You know that.
- I think you think is bullsh--
That I'm here and getting
any kind of recognition.
- Clearly, I don't.
I've been number one
every year I've been
at Douglas Elliman in L.A.
There's no bullsh--
Don't go out there
and say you're number one when
you're not in the rankings.
- Did I say that I'm number one.
- You did.
It was a--it was
a backward slap in the face,
whatever you want to call it.
Fredrik is an icon like--
- I am an icon.
- Yeah, you're icon.
You're the biggest ----ing
broker I've ever seen.
You're--you're 8 feet tall.
You're an icon, all right?
- I feel like I can't do
anything right with him.
It doesn't matter what I do.
There's something about me.
But he has mentioned now many
times that I'm so tall.
I'm wearing this thing,
it's like,
you know, holding me up.
- I like that.
Maybe that's, like,
something you should wear.
- Maybe something
you should wear.
- Yeah, I should.
I need the extra inches.
You don't need the extra inches.
- How high are these ceilings?
- 12 feet.
- I think they're more
like 10'5", 11.
- Oh, that's 'cause you're a
little closer
to them, Fredrik,
It's crazy. When I started
in this business,
I was Fredrik's height.
Now I'm--now I'm 5'9" 1/2.
- Maybe I'm taller. Maybe I'm,
you know, do too many deals.
Maybe I'm just annoying.
And somehow
he thinks in his mind
that I'm provoking him.
- I wanted to get it off
my chest 'cause I do think
that we were actually headed
in the right direction.
I just like--now I know
it's like Fredrik
Backhand Compliment Eklund.
- What do you want me to do?
- You get--what?
I don't know
what you want to do.
It's all good, man.
I hope you enjoy the Icon Award.
- Wow. Okay.
Well, this was nice.
I think you're going to sell it
'cause you're the number one
and the best.
- Next time on "Million Dollar
Listing Los Angeles"...
- Hoo-hoo-hoo!
- This is insane.
What's the square footage?
- 20,000.
- I'm like a kid
in a candy store.
Give me the tour. I don't know
who's gonna buy this,
but I can tell you one thing's
for sure, they're wealthy.
And you haven't signed
with anybody yet?
- Not yet.
- Gleb is on "Dancing with
The Stars," and he and his wife
are in the process
of selling their house.
So I popped over there and well,
the tenant trashed the place,
so I have ten days
to get it ready for market.
- What?
- Wow!
- It looks so good, right?
- Oh, my God.
- Goodness.
- Sell the house, da, da, da,
and little pivot, pivot, pivot,
and a dip.
Both: Whoo!
- What were you doing
on Nightingale?
- James, I happen
to be a really good cook.
- It's not a cookout.
It's a $30-million listing.
Rock and roll, baby.
Now we flip them.
- This whole place is
smoked out right now.
- Only ----ed up 12 minutes
before everybody arrives
and we looked like
a couple of ---holes.